why your blog post strategy isn't
driving traffic did you know that
according to HubSpot marketers that
prioritize blogging are 13x more likely
to see a positive return on their
investment but here's the thing we all
know that blogging is important but so
few blogs actually Drive traffic let
alone lead to conversions why there are
tons of reasons but it can be especially
frustrating if you follow Google's exact
advice write thoughtful well-researched
informative content that your audience
actually wants and you're still not
seeing any of those kind of results that
you're really looking for even though
you follow those rules here are some of
the reasons why your blog might not be
generating enough traffic reason one
you're not incorporating images into
your content according to Jeff Bullis
articles with images get 95 more total
views than articles without images and
if you want to take it one step further
consider using infographics as well
infographics tell a whole story it makes
a lot of You Know Rich data type of
content easy to understand and digest in
a visual format and you can do this
through tools like canva and canvas free
and you can create infographics through
it or you can just pay someone that you
find let's say a designer on dribble or
upwork and if you want to go even
another step further consider embedding
videos as well because if a Pinterest
has a thousand words video they say 10
000 words at least that's what I believe
because a video is much more impactful
than image reason number two you're not
linking correctly long form content gets
an average of 77 percent more links and
short articles but here's the thing the
way Google crawls your website is by
Links when other people link to you they
bind your website and they start
indexing the more links you have the
more valuable your site is
but your links
internally within your website is how
Google also crawls your whole website
and figures out what articles are
related to each other and which one
should they rank higher so if I have an
article on let's say digital marketing
and I'm talking about different
strategies in digital marketing such as
social media marketing or SEO or paid
advertising on Facebook I would link to
the respected article so for example
when I talk about social media marketing
I may link to an article on the
beginner's guide to Social and marketing
want to have uh talking about SEO within
that digital marketing article I may
link to let's say a guide on how to get
started with SEO and so forth so on that
will help your overall site get more
traffic and rank higher in Google
reason three you're not leveraging topic
clusters former product marketer at
buffer Alfred Lua built topic clusters
around Instagram marketing by
interlinking articles related to the
same topic and in six months weekly
organic traffic went up by 48 from 27
000 visitors to 40 000. that's a massive
increase so consider doing clusters you
can also see this on Moz they talk about
the beginner's guide to SEO and they'll
have all these articles that they'll
link to that are more detailed when it
comes to around SEO reason for your meta
descriptions aren't optimized title tags
between 15 and 40 characters have a 8.6
percent higher click-through rate than
lengthier ones so make sure your title
tags are short and to the point also
consider leveraging emotions within your
title tags or even evoking curiosity so
for example evoking curiosity is the
seven benefits of green tea number five
will shock you whoa what's number five
it's gonna shock me that's the example
of evoking curiosity and with emotions
if your titles or descriptions make
people feel happy or sad or loved those
are all ways to get more clicks reason
five you're not promoting nearly enough
on social think your blog strategy
starts and ends with your actual blog
think again 73 of marketers believe that
social media has been very effective for
their business and it's one of the best
ways to promote your blog look every
time I write a blog post I promote that
post on each and every single one of the
popular social platforms out there it's
really helped change our business and
drive a lot more Revenue you should
consider doing the same it doesn't take
that much more work if you need help
with your marketing check out my Ad
Agency NP digital if you enjoyed this
video like it share it tell the people
about it if you have any questions leave
a comment below I'm here to help and
I'll answer